the debut of
on the other hand
Besides that
I was in the modern bakery
the little bit stuck today starts a series of interviews with the honorees of the
week of the industry that will be held on June 25 a promotion jose
and outside unions
We started with two young talents two young entrepreneurs who arrived in
city ​​and soon picked up an enterprise that already has more than 50 years we will know
how did these two games end in the bakery sector?
cristian lamb how did this bakery history begin
it's good the bakery keep it it was founded in 1954
by the Portuguese who came here I prefer outside if the henrique
and we got here there bakery in 2001
So it's already nine years we're here.
Glédson Ram
It's like the two young men
what made two young people
interested in the bakery industry
it's also the city I think it was not who said our yes
we are looking for
was an opportunity that
I think the opportunity may appear
supposedly waiting according to him the decision will have security
we sail
the first opportunity seemed to focus on the avenue cap studying
at night he gave
very confident gives us opportunity we work with him
we worked three or three years for him as an employee
until he appeared what he bought the bakery models together with us alone
steel
being 50% discount per cent
this year
and you also see loss out to study and today is the baker
It's with my love, it says
this opportunity appeared and we embraced decoration
and I have nothing to complain about very satisfied act the bakery I have today
O
to a branch in rua batista de oliveira
the name of bakery model
fights god for the good
air force on Saturday
the idea is to always grow
seeks to serve customers in the best possible way
with the partnership with the union with the supplier says and with the customers
cléverson
Are you a bit of a bakery producer? But you're also coming.
in judge from outside and has other ventures also came to jade
asking for the note is to realize the business has another enterprise is
that
is true in 2002 with the promo
the bakery that formerly through the crosshairs in the titular team
But at the end of 2008 he bought
posture of their grandchildren
then very satisfied also where it was stable in the street santa rita 3 7 5
I do not think anything
landslide
very good to pediatrician thing for you
we are doing coverage with all the companies that are honored
by if all create their union added this year the bakery models
I believe in the cover of the renault the dell already had until opportunity to be
honored on other occasions by the
piloting to haunt tradition in our city I ask you what it is to be
honored you two young entrepreneurs here in the city to be
honored with
with the title of this type
now we feel flattered by this tribute
because it is the recognition of a work i worked almost ten years
and is a recognition of the
from our customer partner
That's when we st heart to sanecap tribute
these people only stimulate and always want to improve in the
We were not expecting nor were we suffering so much.
ef
I'll be younger to
but thanks to the bakeries of the city for sure three bakeries né
on recording
years collaboration also absent catani
we have attend centers million
and for very good people and there were even new swimming experiences
the more active priests lavera village like all there
and we learn a lot from it
and there are people with good health under the Syria and certainly we will have with the many years
together and design
and learn a lot and he knows he has a lot to teach us
as in our interviewee in the modern bakery
kleberson and with cristiano ram the taste for investments for this year
and for the next year
as we have seen, andrea said
year does not yet have
immense design project opted for culinary form that separated from da
Getulio Vargas
more
end of this year 2010
what's up
we will deal with the manager's investments ahead of the bakery parties
and we already have
an account already with the tap to make a third bakery models
just to tap another
It's missing a point, then why did it come from outside?
looking for you noble probe today in getúlio vargas
accurate figures on the number of works
they went to the ceremony they went to the teacher
I think it's better
so we're going to have another bakery reason we've got more
restauranter then this is what people believe in the program people preza
really come here is to show it I want to show it's a came the prize
for one year to show to the whole community that it is a work of
two young business people thank you free of charge
r